Polish the doc of v1.0.3 release (#190)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/create-windows-vm.md

### Windows ISO unable to boot when using EFI mode

When using EFI mode with Windows, you may find the system booted with other devices like HDD or UEFI shell like the one below:

![efi-shell](assets/efi-shell.png)

That's because Windows will prompt a `Press any key to boot from CD or DVD...` to let the user decide whether to boot from the installer ISO or not, and it needs human intervention to allow the system to boot from CD or DVD.

![boot-from-cd](assets/boot-from-cd.png)

Alternately if the system has already booted into the UEFI shell, you can type in `reset` to force the system to reboot again. Once the prompt appears you can press any key to let system boot from Windows ISO.

### VM crashes when reserved memory not enough

> There is a known issue with Windows VM when it is allocated more than 8GiB of without enough reserved memory configured. The VM crashes without warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a known issue with Windows VM when it is allocated more than 8GiB without enough reserve memory configured. The VM crashes without warning.
```
